c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.exe.config
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.exe
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.pdb
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SharpSnmpLib.Full.dll
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SharpSnmpLib.Portable.dll
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SnmpSharpNet.dll
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SharpSnmpLib.Full.xml
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SharpSnmpLib.Portable.xml
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SnmpSharpNet.pdb
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SnmpSharpNet.xml
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.g.resources
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP_NMS_STATION.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.exe
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.pdb
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\AdditionalWindows\TableView.g.cs
c:\users\michal.ziolkowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\AdditionalWindows\TableView.baml
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.exe.config
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.exe
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.pdb
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.exe.config
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.exe
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.pdb
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.exe
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.pdb
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SharpSnmpLib.Full.dll
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SharpSnmpLib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SnmpSharpNet.dll
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SharpSnmpLib.Full.xml
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SharpSnmpLib.Portable.xml
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SnmpSharpNet.pdb
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\bin\Debug\SnmpSharpNet.xml
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\AdditionalWindows\TableView.g.cs
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\AdditionalWindows\TableView.baml
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.g.resources
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP_NMS_STATION.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\michal.ziolkowski\Desktop\zst_projekt\ZST-SNMP\SNMP-NMS-STATION\SNMP-NMS-STATION\obj\Debug\SNMP-NMS-STATION.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
